⭐️ terraform actions for plan and state files (#34)
mondoohq/actions: terraform-state/README.md

# Mondoo Terraform State Action

> A [GitHub Action](https://github.com/features/actions) for testing [HashiCorp Terraform](https://terraform.io) code for security misconfigurations. Mondoo policies will verity [Terraform's HCL syntax]](https://www.terraform.io/language/syntax/configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [GitHub Action](https://github.com/features/actions) for testing [HashiCorp Terraform](https://terraform.io) state files for security misconfigurations.
```
